.\" Man page for prefault
.TH "prefault" "1" "25. Jul 2019" "X3n0m0rph59" "prefault documentation"
.SH "NAME  "
prefault
.SH "SYNOPSIS  "
prefault [FLAGS] [OPTIONS] \fI<SUBCOMMAND>\fR

.SH "FLAGS  "
.TP
-h, --help       Prints help information
.TP
-V, --version    Prints version information
.TP
-v               Specify verbosity of log output

.SH "OPTIONS  "
.TP
-c \fI<config_file>\fR Specify a configuration file

.SH "DESCRIPTION  "
Pre-fault and optionally lock files into the kernel's page cache to improve 
application startup times and reduce desktop lagging.
.SH "SUBCOMMANDS  "
.SS
\fBcache\fR       Fault in files from process snapshots

        Note: This does not call mlock(2), it just primes the page cache. Cached files may be evicted from the page cache when there is enough memory pressure.

.SS
\fBdisable\fR     Disable loading of process snapshots

        Marks snapshots matching the filter as disabled.

.SS
\fBenable\fR      Enable loading of process snapshots

        Marks snapshots matching the filter as enabled.

.SS
\fBhelp\fR        Prints this message or the help of the given subcommand(s)
        
        Prints usage information.

.SS
\fBincore\fR      Show which files of a process snapshot are resident in the page cache

        Prints a listing of mapped files, and associated memory residency information.

.SS
\fBlist\fR        List process snapshots

        List available process snapshots.

.SS
\fBmlock\fR       Lock files from process snapshots into memory

        Only works if the current rlimit settings allow the calling user to mlock large amounts of memory.

.SS
\fBremove\fR      Remove a process snapshot

        Remove a process snapshot file.

.SS
\fBshow\fR        Show information about process snapshots
        
        May be used to dump a listing of files in a process snapshot.

.SS
\fBsnapshot\fR    Take snapshots of running processes
        
        Records a list of mapped files for later prefaulting.

.SS
\fBtrace\fR       Trace a process and record accessed files

        This is currently not implemented.

.SH "BUGS  "
Currently no known bugs.
